# DATE: 07-27

## basic information
--------------------
[English Conversation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XY1QPRy6ra0&list=PL060BF75DE0656DF0&index=2)

## main idea
------------
### 1 - chihuahua
It's a teeny tiny breed of dog.  
The spelling is pretty strange in American English because this word comes to us from Spanish. The breed originated in Mexico.

### 2 - round trip
the opposite of this phrase is `one-way`.  
when you go somewhere and come back, that's `round trip`.  

### 3 - jeep road
So a jeep is a really rugged vehicle that has a high clearance. That is a lot of room between the ground and the bottom of a car.

### 4 - If you've seen one, you've seen them all
pay attention of the reduction: 
1. we dropped the word if
2. we reduce `you've` to just [ye]
3. and we reduce `them` to [um]
4. `seen` -> [siːn]

### 5 - a lot of them / a couple of / this time of year
pay attention of the reduction

### 6 - probably
[prɑbli]

### 7 - cold
`very cold`, `ice cold`, `really cold`  
So describing it as ice cold is an exaggeration, a hyperbole.

### 8 - you often see
`you` -> [ye]  
Because in American English, the contrast between stressed and unstressed syllables is really important.  
So if we can make unstressed syllables even shorter by changing something, then we do that.

### 9 - scenic
> And to me, it's the most scenic hike around here especially in September.  
`scenic` -> [ˈsiːnɪk]

### 10 - wade
This is what you do when you're walking through water. So you're not swimming. You're walking like through a creek. If the water is too deep, then you can't wade. You have to swim.

### 11 - couldn't have been better
[cud en e]  
`have` -> [e]

## fancy word
-------------
1. gulch -> (两边陡峭的) 急流峡谷 -> This hike is called Chihuahua Gulch and it's about seven miles roundtrip.
2. hyperbole -> [haɪˈpɜːrbəli] -> == exaggeration
3. I had no temptation to do that. Yeah, I don't think I will either.
4. moose -> 麋鹿
5. antelope -> 羚
