# DATE: 07-29

## basic information
--------------------
[Master Conversation - American English in Real Life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcQcpgpGGH0&list=PL060BF75DE0656DF0&index=3)

## main idea
------------
### 1 - book
... but it's also a verb which means to reserve something. This means you've made a reservation.
> You can book a venue for your wedding.

### 2 - upgrade
`get / book an upgrade`, as an noun.

### 3 - babymoon
A relaxing trip you take before it's harder to travel cuz you have a baby.  
This is related to the term `honeymoon`, which is a trip you take alone with your partner right after you get married.  

### 4 - _some word to describe a room in hotel_
1. `King` / `California King` (ps. Single, Twin, Full, Queen, King, California King)
2. `water-view` (ps. water-view, city-view, park-view, water-view, ocean-view, garden-view, street-view)
3. `south-facing`
4. `corner room`

### 5 - form of ID
That would be sth official with your picture and name on it, like a driver's license or passport.

### 6 - incidental
`incidental`, this is the word they use for anything in addition to the cost of the room. For example, if you eat or drink from the mini-bar in your room, they will keep track of that and charge it to your card after you leave.  
> So I see that initially, you kind of deposit down for the room so we would just need the card for incidentals.

### 7 - bucket list
`on one's bucket list`
It means sth you want to do within your lifetime.  
> It's been on my bucket list.

### 8 - initial / sign
Initial, of course, means you just put RS, instead of your whole signature, Rachel Smith.
> Just initial here, here, and a signature there.

### 9 - the High Line
The High Line is a park in NYC that was built on top of an abandoned raised train line.  

### 10 - settle in
`settle in` is a phrase that means to unpack, to get comfortable, to arrange your things in a new place.
> After a big move, it can take some time to settle in.

### 11 - _terms_
1. room service
2. front desk
3. lobby
4. luggage cart
5. mini-bar

### 12 - be good
no thanks
> I'm good  
> We're good  

### 13 - give sth score out of 10
> Okay, what did you think of yours?  
> I give it an 8 out of 10.  
> I think I'm gonna give it a 6 or 7 out of 10.  

### 14 - head out
to leave

### 15 - amenities
`amenities` would be things like a gym or a pool or room service. Other things that you get in addition to your room or special things that you might get in your room.

## fancy word
-------------
1. venue -> [ˈvenjuː] -> 聚会地点
2. deposit down -> 抵押
3. pay-as-you-wish entrance
4. arrange -> 安排
5. mayonnaise -> 蛋黄酱
6. ketchup -> 番茄酱
7. dispenser -> 自动取物装置 -> ice dispenser === ice machine
8. tongs -> 夹具, 钳子
9. drain -> [dreɪn] -> v 排空, n 下水道
10. refrigerator -> [rɪˈfrɪdʒəreɪtər]
11. slats -> 百叶窗
