# DATE: 07-11

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: How to Increase Vocabulary - Studying English Vocabulary
2. source: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIojtnMplHc&t=93s`

## main idea
------------
### first, expose yourself to the language
#### Read
1. One good idea is to think of another word that you knew that you could replace it with it that sentence.
2. Always learn the pronunciation when you learn the new word.
3. You want to read at the right level to learn(at most one word per sentence).
#### Write
1. As you discover new words, write them down, along with the meaning and the context.
2. Make the system that works for you so you know you're going to actually go back and study the words again.
3. When you look the word up, look for related words or other forms of the word(adjust, adjustable, adjustment, etc.).
4. It's also a good idea to look for one antonym or one synonym(blurry, fuzzy, clear, etc.); You can find synonyms and antonyms by looking in a thesaurus: `thesaurus.com`
#### Watch TV
1. When I heard a word or phrase that I knew I could identify but didn't know the meaning of, I immediately stopped playing attention to the television, or paused when I was watching, and wrote down the word.
2. The context of the situation helped solidify that word or phrase.
3. If you can rewind and watch again, do this, and pay attention to the pronunciation. Imitate the pronunciation out loud 5 or 6 times. Make sure you write the pronunciation down, either using IPA or another system that works for you.
#### How to memorize
1. tip-0: Limit Yourself. Try to memorize, really solidly memorize, 3-5 words a day(limit yourself to that).
2. tip-1: The Laura. Turn the new words or phrases into a song. This might involve gestures or movements to help her understand. Adding music, adding a melody, really helps your brain hold onto information.
3. tip-2: Repetition. Go over your vocabulary words many times. Practice them out loud. If it's a tough word to pronounce, slow it down, don't rush.
4. tip-3: Grouping. Put the word in groups and drill the groups together: think about the episode and the context for each word; or, group them by vowel sound in the stressed syllable; or, organize your words by stress; or, group them by how well you know them.
5. tip-4: Visualization. When you learn a word, come up with a picture for it, a mini-story, in one picture in your mind that makes sense to you.


## fancy word
-------------
1. solidify -> learn the meaning, and then go back to the sentence and solidify it ...
2. tying -> Tying the new word to a word you already know ...
3. thesaurus, antonym, synonym
4. intensify -> I recognized the phrase, and I learned a new way to intensify it with 'terribly' ...
5. hold onto -> adding music, adding a melody, really helps your brain hold onto information ...
6. drill -> put the words in groups and drill the groups together ... 
7. episode -> while watching one episode of the Sopranos ...
8. vowel -> group them by vowel sound in the stress syllable ...
9. syllable -> These were all three-syllable words with stress on the first syllable ...
10. mnemonic -> This is a common mnemonic device, and you probable used it when learning vocabulary in your owen language ...
