# DATE: 07-19

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: Learn English the RIGHT Way - English Speaking Pronunciation of the Most Common English Words 8/11
2. source: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlH7_kGiktU&list=PLrqHrGoMJdTR76CbHRqi7uLbpEtTUU7eR&index=8`

## main idea
------------
### 71 - than
sound like ðæʌn (unstressed ðən)
> She's taller than I am. (ðən)  
> They're older than we are. (ðən)  

### 72 - then
ðen (unstressed ðən)
> It got really dark, and then it stormed all night. (and then it, unstressed)  
> If we go grocery shopping, then we can cook dinner. (then we can, unstressed)  

### 73 - now
(null)

### 74 - look
There are six different pronunciations possible for the letters OO: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lt3LUdJhUAU`

### 75 - only
əʊ-n-li
> You're the only one.  
> If only it were true.  

### 76 - come
> Why don't you come over for dinner?  

### 77 - its
This word is showing possession.
> It's in its usual place. (ts / ɪts)  
> The watch is in its case.  

### 78 - over
The schwa is absorbed by the R, so you don't need to try to make a vowel in that second syllable.
> We traveled all over Italy.

### 79 - think
θɪŋk, with ŋ, ɪ sounds more like i  
ŋ: ng, nk

### 80 - also
> I also want to get coffee.  

## fancy word
-------------
1. grocery -> go grocery shopping
2. apostrophe -> ITS pronounced just like IT apostrophe S (it's), but is has a different meaning, and is grammatically different.
3. vibrate -> For the V sound at the bottom of the lip comes up to gently vibrate on the bottom of the top front teeth.
4. creek -> 小溪 -> We jumped over the creek.
5. substitution -> Try to avoid these substitutions and get comfortable with the TH sound.
