# DATE: 07-14

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: Learn English with fluent pronunciation of the top English vocabulary words—it’s real spoken English  
2. source: `urhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKA45LrDjhY&list=PLrqHrGoMJdTR76CbHRqi7uLbpEtTUU7eR&index=3lHere`

## main idea
------------
### 21 - this
> This is what I'm talking about. (unstressed)  
> Not that one, this one. (stress)  
### 22 - but
> I wanted to stop in but I was already running late. (bət)  
### 23 - his
> What's his name? (ɪz)  
### 24 - by
> We'll be right by the door.  
We need this contrast of stressed and unstressed to sound natural when speaking English.
### 25 - from
> I'll be back from work at three. (frəm)  
Even though reductions might seem wrong, they might seem lazy, they're right, because they're part of a bigger picture. Rhythmic contrast in English.
### 26 - they
> They already left.
### 27 - We
> We already left.
### 28 - way
It took us 28 words to get here. If this doesn't show you the importance of using reductions and speaking with a rhythmic contrast, making some words unstressed and less clear, I don't know what will.  
The first 27 of the most common words in English are that way.  
> What did he say? (eɪ)  
> He said he's running late. (ed)  
> says (ez)  
### 29 - her
> What's her name? (ər)  
### 30 - she
> We don't think she knows. (ʃ)  

Let's keep going down this list of the 100 most common words in English to study the pronunciation, and I don't mean the full or official pronunciation, I mean how the word is actually used in a sentence in American English.

## fancy word
-------------
1. intonation -> Stressed, longer, clearer. Up-down shape of intonation
2. jaw drop -> s consonant, eɪ diphthong. We need jaw drop for that.
3. installment -> Look for the next installment in this series, coming soon.
