# DATE: 07-21

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: PERFECT ENGLISH – 10 must-know English words! | Rachel’s English Pronunciation | Top 100 words
2. source: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEFxRv7AsmE&t=677s`

## main idea
------------
### 91 - even
> I didn't make much money, but I did break even.  
> Even numbers can be divided by two.  
> This one's even better. (unstressed, stress BETTER)  
> I don't even know what to do. (unstressed, stress KNOW)  

### 92 - new
The dictionary might give an alternate pronunciation -> nju.  
But I really have not heard anyone use that pronunciation in conversational or business or even more formal English. -> nu  

### 93 - want
It's no uncommon to drop the T at the end.
> We want him to success. (wan əm)  
> I want everyone to be there. (wan everyone)  
> We want her to do better. (wan ər)  

wɑnt, wɔnt; wʌnt -> the most common  
> want (wʌnt)  
> want to / wanna (wʌnna)  

### 94 - because
bɪˈkɑːz, bɪˈkɔːz, bɪˈkʌːz; bɪˈkəz, kəz -> the most common  
cuz == because
> We're late because there was a traffic jam. (bɪˈkəz, kəz)  
> She's grounded because of her grades.  

### 95 - any
We don't drop or change a sound, we just make the quality different to make it stressed or unstressed.
> At any rate, that's a good deal. (stressed)  
> Do you feel any better? (unstressed)  
> Do you have any money / time? (unstressed)  

### 96 - these
I want to point out that when this word is unstressed, I'll even say any time it doesn't begin a thought group, it's common to cheat the pronunciation of the TH a little bit.  
It still sounds like a TH to us, but we'll make it without bringing the tongue tip through the teeth. The tongue tip is just behind the teeth.
> Everyone wants one of these.  
> We need these to be cut in half.  
> These are great. (ð)  
> These people need help. (ð)  

### 97 - give
gimme == give me
> Give me that.
> Can you gimme more time?

### 98 - day
> call it a day

### 99 - most
> I got most of the questions right. (d əf ðə)  

### 100 - us
ʌs; əs -> most common

## fancy word
-------------
1. break even -> 盈亏平衡、不赔不赚 -> I didn't make much money, but I did break even.
2. grounded -> 'grounded' means in trouble, facing restrictions, usually this is something parents do teenagers for breaking rules or bad behavior.
3. call it a day -> stop doing what sb be doing -> Let's call it a day. / Why don't you call it a day?
