# DATE: 07-15

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: Perfect English | The most important English words! 4/11
2. source: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHy3zcVj6h8&list=PLrqHrGoMJdTR76CbHRqi7uLbpEtTUU7eR&index=4`

## main idea
------------
### 31 - or
Remember, English is a stress-timed language. That means all syllable are not equal in length.  
We have long syllables and short syllables, and speaking with that contrast is really important in sounding natural in American English.  
> Would you like white or brown rice? (white ər brown)  
> I am leaving Monday or Tuesday. (Monday ər Tuesday)  
Just an extra R sound between. Great rhythmic contrast.  
### 32 - an
(skip, learned before)
### 33 - will
> I'll like fishing (ɔl / əl, just like the word all)  
> you'll (jəl)  
> he'll be coming by at three. (hɪl / həl)  
> she'll have the report ready soon. (ʃɪl / ʃəl)  
> It'll (ɪd əl)
> The dog will need to (dog'll)  
> Tuesday will (day'll)  
> John will be here soon (John'll)  

Note: in writing, these might show up as a misspelling, as not a word. But this is how we speak.  
But this is a case where how we speak English is different from how we write it.

> we will (wɪl / wəl)  
> they will be hungry when they get here. (ðəl)  
> the kids will be tired. (kɪzl)

Third person plural, again, if you write this as a contraction, it will show up as a misspelling, but speaking this way is very common.

### 34 - my
It can be used as an expression or an interjection to show surprise.
> Oh my~
### 35 - one
> We're looking for one teacher to join our team. (stressed)  
> I need a new phone. This one's going to die. (this ənz)  
> This one's going to last longer, but that one's cheaper. (ðæd ənz)  
### 36 - all
> We've been having all sorts of problems. (stressed)  
### 37, 67 - would, could, should
It would be too unclear to go from the schwa into another vowel.  
> should we get dinner? (ʃə we)
> should I (ʃəd I)  
### 38, 39 - there, they're (ðɜːr)
> Homophone: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMRx36QXdsI`  
> there is === there's (ðərz)  
> there are === there're (ðər)  
> there's a good reason why I can't tell you.
> there're lots of reasons why I can't tell you.  
> They're in the kitchen.  
### 40 - what
> What're you going to do? (wʌd ər)  
> What do you think? (wə də)  

## fancy word
-------------
1. stress-timed -> stress-timed / syllable-timed
2. indefinite article -> the indefinite article 'an', 'a'; the definite article 'the'
3. third person singular noun -> this schwa L ending, the contraction of WILL, can go at the end of any third person singular noun.
4. third person plural -> (skipped)
5. interjection -> an interjection to show surprise
6. pronoun -> be used as a pronoun
7. bonus -> And I'll throw in as a bonus, a word that's not on the list...
8. homophone -> Words that are spelled differently and different meanings but they are pronounced exactly the same.
