# DATE: 07-16

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: ENGLISH: 10 Critical Words! (5/11)
2. source: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jTEXdATnYA&list=PLrqHrGoMJdTR76CbHRqi7uLbpEtTUU7eR&index=5`

## main idea
------------
This is likely different from what your learned in English class. You see, in American English, we have all sorts of words that are unstressed or even reduced: that means we change the pronunciation.

### 41 - so
when it's used as a filler word at the beginning of a sentence.
> So what do you think? (sə)  
> So you're going to need another one. (sə)  

### 43 - up
P is a stop consonant, which means we stop the air, and release it. The release is very light.  
> What's up? (|) 

Sometimes we don't release stop consonants, like if it's at the end of a thought group. Also we often skip the release if the next word begins with a consonant sound.
> What's up, Mom? (|)  

I think UP is so common because it's used in so many phrasal verbs.
> crack up, break up, throw up, act up, creep up, butter up, burn up, bone up  
> PHRASAL VERBS: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6J1f3sqrI8&list=PLrqHrGoMJdTTfIe6YBEwdhAmAqNt9N2OS`

### 43 - out
That would just sound like there was no T. But with the abrupt stop.
> Watch out! (|)  
> You can't back out now. (g aʊ| now)  
> Get out of here. (aʊd ə| here)  

### 44 - if
This word is usually conjunction and then, it's unstressed.
> Call me if you get lost. (f u)  
> If you want to leave, that's okay. (f u wanna)  
> If she doesn't care, that's okay. (f u)  

### 45 - about
This word can be a preposition, an adverb, or an adjective.
Since it's a two-syllable word, it still has one syllable that's stressed, that's a little clearer, even when the word is being used in an unstressed way.
> I was out and about and I thought I would stop by. (stressed)  
> It's all about the timing. (unstressed)  

### 46 - who
Generally, question words don't reduce. Generally they're stressed.
> Who was that?  
> Who does she think she is?  
> Anyone who wants to come can come (anyone u wants)  

### 47 - get
We already talked about an ending T in OUT. The same rules apply here because the T comes at the end of the word, just after a vowel or diphthong. If the word ends a thought group or is followed by a consonant, it will be a stop T.
> I'll get the biggest one. (|)  
> I don't get it. (~)  

### 48 - which
Up-down shape of stress.  
But unstressed, it's lower in pitch and flat.  
... the other way is to pronounce it, I think is more old-fashioned, whit a HU sound before. A little escape of air first.
> wh: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyCXAYBi9HU`

### 49 - go
Jaw drop, then lip rounding for diphthong. But ... -ing form and the infinitive: going to xxx  
So even world leaders giving important speeches to large groups of people use this reduction.
> going to -> gonna (gʌn ə)  

### 50 - me
> He gave me his number. (mi ɪz)  


## fancy word
-------------
1. filler word -> As a filler word, the word doesn't really have meaning.
2. phrasal verb -> Up is used in many phrasal verbs.
3. intonation -> Without the falling intonation, it sounds like a T to us.
4. preposition -> ABOUT can be a preposition.
5. out and about -> They often saw me out and about.
6. witch -> WHICH and WITCH are homophones when you use the clean W for WHICH.
7. conjugate -> Let's conjugate it: I go, you go, she goes ((根据数、人称、时态等) 列举(动词)的变化形式)
