# DATE: 07-19

## basic information
--------------------
1. title: English Vocabulary Essentials with Perfect Pronunciation | Learn English with Rachel's English 7/11
2. source: `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Drp3E6ea7VE&list=PLrqHrGoMJdTR76CbHRqi7uLbpEtTUU7eR&index=7`

## main idea
------------
### 61 - people
Then we go into the schwa/dark L sound. Don't worry about making a separate schwa sound, just go straight into the dart sound of the dark L.  
So to make that sound, your tongue will pull back, so the back part of the tongue here is shifting towards the throat a bit. And that's how we get that dark sound.  
The second part of the dark L involves bringing the tongue tip to the roof of the mouth. But you can actually leave that out. A lot of people will just make the dark sound to signify the dart L, and not necessarily bring the tongue tip up.  
> I'm a people person.

### 62 - into
> I ran into my teacher at the movies. (stressed: ran, teacher, movies; ran ində)  

### 63 - year
> We're going to Italy this year. (stressed)  

### 64 - your
> What's your name? (jər)  
> Can I borrow your car? (kən I)  

### 65 - good
> I feel good about the project. (good ə)  

### 66 - some
For example, if it's being used to show that something was great, or unique:
> That was some party.  

Also, if it can be switched out for the word CERTAIN, then it's stressed:
> Some days I work from home and some days I go to the office.  

We pronounce it this way when we use SOME to mean an unknown amount, or unit, or thing.
> May I have some water? (səm)  
> We need some more volunteers.  

### 67 - could (37 - would)
(skip)

### 68 - them
It doesn't matter that they sound the same. We use a pronoun when we've established who we're talking about. So these two pronouns sounding the same shouldn't add any confusion to your conversation.
> We gave them the tickets. (v əm)  
> We gave him the tickets. (v əm)  

### 69 - see
stresses

### 70 - other
> on the other hand (the~other, stressed)  
> Someone or other will help out. (ər other)  

## fancy word
-------------
1. tricky -> Now, this is a tricky word.
2. clip -> So I'll put in a clip here that will go through the pronunciation... / Let me put in a little clip here.
3. stretch up -> So the tongue tip is down here, but the front part of the tongue is stretching up towards roof of the mouth.
4. people person -> What does people person mean? It means that I'm very social. I like interacting with a lot of people, I'm very outgoing, I'm an extrovert.
5. squeeze -> I do feel we squeeze it a little bit...
6. some -> SOME is used to show that something wa great, or unique...
7. mumble -> lower in pitch, a little mumbled, less clear...
